HW 1: Define variables for the following quantities:  student’s name, his grades in the science courses: math, physics, and chemistry, and his grades in his social science courses: psychology and history. Print out  the following sample sentence, for example:
Jack Stein had an average of 89 in his science courses and 80 in his social science courses. His overall average was 85.4.
HW 2: Read as input from a file a student’s name and his grades in the science courses: math, physics, and chemistry, and his grades in his social science courses: psychology and history. Print out  the following sample sentence, for example:
Jack Stein had an average of 89 in his science courses and 80 in his social science courses. His overall average was 85.4.
HW 2a: Do the same,  inputting from the console.
HW 3: As before, read as input from a file a student’s name and his grades in the science courses: math, physics, and chemistry, and his grades in his social science courses: psychology and history.
Math and physics are 6 point courses, psychology is a 5 point course, and chemistry and history are 3 point courses. Print out the sentence below, for example,  taking the points of each course into account in order to calculate a weighted average. 
HW 4: As before, read as input from a file a student’s name and his grades in the science courses: math, physics, and chemistry, and his grades in his social science courses: psychology and history. Math and physics are 6 point courses, psychology is a 5 point course, and chemistry and history are 3 point courses. Print out the sentence below taking the points of each course into account in order to calculate a weighted average and standard deviation. 
Jack Stein had an average of 89 in his science courses and 80 in his social science courses. His overall average was 85.4 with a standard deviation of 2.6.
HW 5:  Build an input data set in Notebook with 25 data frames, each of which  contains a student's name,  his grades in the science courses: math, physics, and chemistry, and his grades in his social science courses: psychology and history . Math and physics are 6 point courses, psychology is a 5 point course, and chemistry and history are 3 point courses. The appropriate points for each course are to be included in the data frame. 
Use the Transform statement to expand the data frame to include the weighted average of the science courses, the weighted average of the social science courses, the overall weighted average, and the overall weighted standard deviation.
HW 6:  With respect to the student data set, add factor variables for sex, learning disabilities (Yes or No), and country of origin (Israel, US, England, France, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium, or Other). Instead of using student's name as a variable, make it into the row name, and test to see if given the row name, the proper data frame is displayed. 
